**Project Management Summary** 

As a group, we made sure to work together on the assignment, to make sure we could complete each task to the highest quality. We made sure that during the progression of the assignment, we would at least meet 3-4 times weekly. We used aspects of the agile scrum methodology, which included the Daily Scrum. Whether this was on a group call, via Microsoft Teams or messenger, or via text, we made sure that everyone would state the work they had completed since the last meeting, what they were working on currently and if they had any problems. This significantly assisted us, as everyone in the group knew exactly what needed to get done, and what each member needed to focus on, ie. specific parts of the code. 

We were also very consistent, when it came to communication. As we were unable to meet face-to-face, or even meet up at University, we constantly communicated on social media, whether it was reminding someone of their assigned roles, or if someone had question/issue they couldn’t solve by themselves. We also met frequently (3-4 times a week) on Microsoft Teams, as we were able to share our screens with each other, and it was easy for us to send each other pieces of code, if we weren’t using GitHub. Microsoft teams also allowed us to plan meetings, and thus made sure all members were on time. We also listed the tasks that were in progress, the tasks which we completed, and the tasks that we had yet to complete, creating our own sprint backlog. This specifically helped us when we were designing the guest and admin homepage’s, where we outlined each aspect of the webpage, and who was in charge of designing, creating and editing these pages. The spring backlog was also vital in keeping us on track. 
